If the name itself contains manifests in it, then it must be very critical for the extension, right?
Correct.
A manifest file is a decent file that provides important information about the Chrome extension.
It is the first file that the Chrome browser looks for when an extension is installed.
So open up the template that I've given you in a previous lecture.
So the manifest file contains details such as the extensions, name, version, number and description.
It also specifies the permissions that the extension requires, as well as the resources it needs to
access.
The manifest file also specifies the service worker script, which is a JavaScript file that runs in
the background of the Chrome browser and allows the extension to perform certain tasks.
This script can be used to modify the behavior of web pages, communicate with other web services,
and to perform other actions in addition to the service worker.
The manifest file can also specify contain scripts which are JavaScript files that are injected into
web pages and can interact with the pages.
DOM Content scripts can be used to modify the appearance or behavior of web page or to extract information
from it.
Pretty cool.